docs: update migration docs (#9694)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/migration.md

Pydantic V1 documentation is available at [https://docs.pydantic.dev/1.10/](https://docs.pydantic.dev/1.10/).

#### Using Pydantic v1 features in a v1/v2 environment

> As of `pydantic>=1.10.17` the `pydantic.v1` namespace is available to use within v1,
> meaning that in order to unpin a `pydantic<2` dependency to allow using `v1` features,
> simply replace `pydantic<2` with `pydantic>=1.10.17,<3` and find and replace all:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of `pydantic>=1.10.17`, the `pydantic.v1` namespace can be used within V1. This makes it easier to migrate to V2, which also supports the `pydantic.v1` namespace. In order to unpin a `pydantic<2` dependency and continue using V1 features, take the following steps:

1. Replace `pydantic<2` with `pydantic>=1.10.17`
2. Find and replace all occurrences of:
```

Or something along those lines...

```python test="skip" lint="skip" upgrade="skip"
from pydantic.<module> import <object>
```

to:

```python test="skip" lint="skip" upgrade="skip"
from pydantic.v1.<module> import <object>
```

Imports for `pydantic` v1 features for different versions of pydantic.

=== "`pydantic>2,<3`"

    ```python test="skip" lint="skip" upgrade="skip"
    try:
        from pydantic.v1.fields import ModelField
    except ImportError:
        from pydantic.fields import ModelField

>     ```

Reviewer: Hmm, I think the versions are off for this case. I think you'd only need this in the case that your v1 version is <1.10.17...

Author: yeah its actually a funny one, because its about using v1 features - when you have v2 installed, so if your python version is less than 2 anyway then you wouldn't need this import anyway. I see what you mean though, I think having the bound as `pydantic<3` will give the desired interpretation i.e.:

`pydantic<3` this import style should always work (more cumbersome but more general)
`pydantic>=1.10.17,<3` this import style should work (less cumbersome),
 WDYT?

Reviewer: Yep, I think that sounds great.

Reviewer: Nice work using the mkdocs material tab feature, this is a great use case for that

> === "`pydantic>=1.10.17,<3`"

Reviewer: Not sure if we need the `<3` bound...

Author: I heard that v3 will get away with the v1 namespace entirely - so was somewhat futureproofing - is this not the case?

Reviewer: Ah yes, good point. Good call!

    ```python test="skip" lint="skip" upgrade="skip"
    from pydantic.v1.fields import ModelField
    ```

!!! note
    When importing modules using `pydantic>=1.10.17,<2` with the `.v1` namespace
    these modules will *not* be the same module as the same import without the `.v1`
    namespace, but the symbols imported *will* be. For example ``pydantic.v1.fields is not pydantic.fields``

>     but ``pydantic.v1.fields.ModelField is pydantic.fields.ModelField``.

Reviewer: Maybe add one more line about the fact that this is not something that's likely to be relevant for 99% of use cases, just a complication of our attempt to support a smoother upgrade experience?

Pydantic V1 documentation is available at [https://docs.pydantic.dev/1.10/](https://docs.pydantic.dev/1.10/).

#### Using Pydantic v1 features in a v1/v2 environment

As of `pydantic>=1.10.17`, the `pydantic.v1` namespace can be used within V1.
This makes it easier to migrate to V2, which also supports the `pydantic.v1`
namespace. In order to unpin a `pydantic<2` dependency and continue using V1
features, take the following steps:

1. Replace `pydantic<2` with `pydantic>=1.10.17`
2. Find and replace all occurrences of:

```python test="skip" lint="skip" upgrade="skip"
from pydantic.<module> import <object>
```

> to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with:
```

```python test="skip" lint="skip" upgrade="skip"
from pydantic.v1.<module> import <object>
```

> Imports for `pydantic` v1 features for different versions of pydantic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's how you can import `pydantic`'s v1 features based on your version of `pydantic`:
```

=== "`pydantic<3`"

    ```python test="skip" lint="skip" upgrade="skip"

>     # Try/except usable for multiple versions of pydantic.

Reviewer: Maybe move these comments outside of the code block, just into the tab for some context?

    try:
        from pydantic.v1.fields import ModelField
    except ImportError:
        from pydantic.fields import ModelField
    ```

> === "`pydantic>=1.10.17,<3`"

Reviewer: Last nit pick - can we list this tab first so that it's the default that folks see, encouraging them to use newer versions?
